The Rules (Smart Contracts & Policy)

First, you define a Policy (e.g., "The agent can only trade if the value is between 10 and 100").
This policy is hashed and registered on-chain in the PolicyRegistry smart contract (which we just did!). This acts as the immutable source of truth for the agent's boundaries.
The Brains (Python AI Agent)

The Python script you just ran (agent.main) is the off-chain AI.
It observes market conditions (e.g., market volatility) and asks an LLM (like Llama) what to do.
The LLM spits out a decision (e.g., TRADE value=10) along with a human-readable Rationale.
The Trustless Proof (Zero-Knowledge ZK)

Instead of blindly trusting the LLM, the agent takes the decision and compares it against the Policy.
It generates a ZK-Proof (using Circom/snarkjs) that proves mathematically: "Yes, this decision is within the allowed policy bounds," without actually revealing the underlying complex logic on-chain.
The Audit Trail (On-Chain Submission & dApp)

The Agent submits the decision, rationale, and the ZK-Proof to the Sepolia blockchain via the PDRLogger contract.
The smart contract verifies the ZK-Proof. If valid, it permanently logs the action.
Finally, your Next.js dApp listens to this contract and displays the activity in a beautiful frontend for you to audit!
Step-by-Step Testing Guide
To experience the full flow yourself, follow these steps:

1. Start the dApp Frontend
Open a new terminal, navigate to the app folder, and start the frontend:

bash
cd app
npm run dev
Open http://localhost:3000 in your web browser.

2. Connect Your Wallet
On the dApp, connect your MetaMask wallet.
Ensure MetaMask is switched to the Sepolia Testnet.
3. Run the AI Agent
In another terminal (from the root Arvyon folder), run the agent again:

bash
python3 -m agent.main
4. Watch the Magic Happen
In the terminal, you will see the LLM "thinking", printing its rationale, generating the proof, and broadcasting the transaction to Sepolia.
In the browser, go to your dApp's Dashboard. The moment the terminal says [CHAIN] On-chain result, the new decision, along with the LLM's rationale, will pop up on your dApp's feed as a mathematically verified, immutable record!